{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2511
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 AppleColorEmoji;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww19460\viewh12080\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 ---\
path: "/projects/software/ventilator_marketplace\'94\
title: \'93Ventilator Marketplace\'94\
---\
\
# The above values are used for the website, please make sure to fill them out.\
\
# PLEASE COPY THE DOCUMENT AND START YOUR PROPOSAL ON YOUR COPY \
| | |\
|-|-|\
| Proposal Stage | draft|\
| Tags           | software, resource allocation |\
| Created Date   |Mar 16, 2020      |\
| Lead           |Vladimir Litvak   |\
| Slack Channel  |      |\
\
## 
\f1 \uc0\u55357 \u56515 
\f0  Idea in brief: Question to be resolved and why\
\
### 
\f1 \uc0\u55357 \u56485 
\f0  Problem\
The existing ventilator machines are not being used in the optimal way. There is extra capacity in areas where the epidemic has not hit hard yet and insufficient capacity elsewhere. At a later stage there will be areas where the virus is under control and those where it is not. Also if there is new capacity generated by making new machines, they also should be distributed optimally.\
### 
\f1 \uc0\u55357 \u56424 \u8205 \u55357 \u56620 
\f0 Hypothesis\
Hospitals and holders of emergency stock will agree to lend their machines if they are guaranteed that they will get at least the same number back when they need them and likely will get more if there is a possibility.\
### 
\f1 \uc0\u55358 \u56596 
\f0  Assumptions\
Governments will be on board (or can be lobbied/pressured).\
Machines can be packed, transferred and deployed with low probability of damage and can be set up easily at the target location.\
Medical staff at the target location can be trained quickly to use an unfamiliar machine. \
Transporting machines will not spread the virus. \
Mathematical modelling can be used to predict demand to move the machines ahead of the curve. \
An algorithm for balancing the needs can be designed that will be fair and accepted by all players. The key requirement could be that there is only a low risk of being worse off for players who contribute machines and a high probability to be better off. \
## 
\f1 \uc0\u55357 \u56507 
\f0 Implementation Suggestion\
\
### V1\
(briefing)\
\
### What it is\
It is a marketplace to connect people with extra ventilators, people who need ventilators and people who can do the logistics. \
\
### What it is not\
(what we\'92re saying no to)\
\
### Design\
(Screenshot/drawing/link)\
\
### Data/Experiments\
(Detail all the things about the experiment/trial setting especially any data requirements)\
\
V2 (..repeat the process)\
\
## 
\f1 \uc0\u55357 \u56490 
\f0  Impact of Potential Solution\
This can work here and now. No need to develop new hardware, get anything certified. Lives could be saved yesterday if it was in place. \
## 
\f1 \uc0\u55357 \u56908 
\f0  Criteria for Success\
Reduction in the number of sites with ventilator shortage. \
\
## 
\f1 \uc0\u55357 \u56837 
\f0  Known Issues\
Reluctance to give up machines even if they are not needed at the moment \'91just in case\'92.\
Regulatory red tape. I think both can be circumvented when people realise we are at war. Logistics needs to be super-reliable. Some people might want to play the system by exaggerating their needs to get extra capacity (cf. panic buying). This needs to be severely penalised somehow. \
\
\
## 
\f1 \uc0\u9989 
\f0  "I've read this" section\
Add in the table below the people you definitely want their eyes on this proposal. Sometimes there are no comments to be made but it's good to know people have read the proposal\
\
| Name | Status |\
|-|-|\
|  |  Read/Not Read    |\
}